thanks mark the first thing I'll do is
show you how easy it is to sign in all I
have to do is wave and connect
recognizes me and once I'm signed in all
I have to do now is just wave one more
time just like this and I'll and here on
this easy-to-use controller for a menu
of a lot of my favorite things to do on
xbox 360 this is the kinect hub where i
can find my friends my games and a lot
of other great content like netflix
facebook and last.fm everything's in one
place it's simple to use and the best
part is no controller required now using
my hands is a very natural way to access
my entertainment but what could get any
easier than just using my voice to
select something all I have to do is say
xbox and kinect is listening so if you
can see it just say it zune last year we
brought the entire catalog of zune
movies to xbox 360 streaming many of
them in full 1080p with 5.1 surround
sound and today you can see how soon is
transformed by the magic of connect all
I had to do is say a simple command and
it brought me here to all the
entertainment that I care about my
movies my TV shows my music it's all
there and now I can just use my hands to
select the movie that I want to watch I
love the special effects in Alice in
Wonderland so let's take a look
can't go wrong with Johnny Depp or a Tim
Burton all right now I want to show you
my favorite scene all I have to do is
just bring my hands up and a little to
the left a little far how about right
there yeah it's it's simple it's natural
it's effortless that's how easy it is to
control zune movies with kinect on xbox
360 and what I could control my hands I
can do just as easily with my voice let
me show you what I mean xbox pause now
that's pretty slick right you when I'm
ready to go all I have to do is say Xbox
play this is what we mean by controller
free entertainment I don't have to
fumble around in the dark for the remote
control I don't have to remember which
one is its paws and which one is fast
forward it just works for me xbox stop
and the great thing is zune isn't just
about the movies but it's also about an
amazing catalog of music as well xbox
play music
alright alright so now I can listen to
Justin Bieber or I can see what else is
on this playlist all right also not bad
also not bad but let's let's try one
more all right now that's more my style
that's more made so that's doing music
on xbox live it's an amazing way to
listen to all your favorite songs and
music videos in fact over 7 million
songs are now instantly available right
in my living room the place where I
entertain my family and friends thanks
for showing junit the audience run no
problem